What is NPM?
NPM is a package manager for the Javascript programming language maintained by npm. NPM comes with Node.js and is pre-installed with Node. It has an online database of public and paid for private packages called the npm registry. npm is the world's Largest Software registry.

What is Parcel/Webpack ? Why do we need it?
Parcel combines a great out-of-the-box development experience with a scalable architecture that can take your project from just getting started to massive production application

Parcel optimizes your whole app for production automatically. This includes tree-shaking and minifying your JavaScript, CSS, and HTML, resizing and optimizing images, content hashing, automatic code splitting, and much more.

What is `.parcel-cache`?
The .cache folder (or .parcel-cache in parcel v2) stores information about your project when parcel builds it, so that when it rebuilds, it doesn't have to re-parse and re-analyze everything from scratch. It's a key reason why parcel can be so fast in development mode. I think committing it to git would be a bad idea - it would add a large number of (unnecessary) changes to your commit history, and it could easily get out-of-sync with the code that generated it.

What is NPX?
NPX stands for Node Package eXecute. It is simply an NPM package runner. It allows developers to execute any Javascript Package available on the NPM registry without even installing it. NPX is installed automatically with NPM version 5.2.

What is the difference between dependencies and devDependencies?
A dependency is a library that a project needs to function effectively.These are the libraries you need when you run your code.If a package doesn’t already exist in the node_modules directory, then it is automatically added. 

DevDependencies are the packages a developer needs during development. These dependencies may be needed at some point during the development process, but not during execution. As you install a package, npm will automatically install the dev dependencies.

"dependencies" : Packages required by your application in production. 
"devDependencies" : Packages that are only needed for local development and testing.

What is Tree Shaking?
Tree shaking is a term commonly used within a JavaScript context to describe the removal of dead code. This is important for preparing code that is production ready, for example with clean structures and minimal file size.

What is Hot Module Replacement?
Hot Module Replacement (HMR) exchanges, adds, or removes modules while an application is running, without a full reload. This can significantly speed up development in a few ways:

Retain application state which is lost during a full reload.
Save valuable development time by only updating what's changed.
Instantly update the browser when modifications are made to CSS/JS in the source code, which is almost comparable to changing styles directly in the browser's dev tools.

List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and descriobe any 3 of them in your own words?
1. Tree shaking
2. Dev server
3.HMR
4.Diagnostics
5.Minification
Three that i like, are 
Tree Shaking:
Where we can remove dead codes automatically
HMR:
With the change of the code, the server starts automatically and changes are shown in the browser
Diagnostics:
Errors are easily found and are shown in the terminal

What is .gitignore? What should we add and not add into it?
A gitignore file specifies intentionally untracked files that Git should ignore. Files already tracked by Git are not affected. The nodemodules, dist, parcel-cache can be added into it where the codes can be recreated easily

What is the difference between package.json and package.lock.json?
It contains basic information about the project. It is mandatory for every project.It contains information such as name, description, author, script, and dependencies.

It describes the exact tree that was generated to allow subsequent installs to have the identical tree.It is automatically generated for those operations where npm modifies either node_modules tree or package.json.It contains the name, dependencies, and locked version of the project. 

Why should i not modify package-lock.json?
It is a generated file and is not designed to be manually edited. Its purpose is to track the entire tree of dependencies (including dependencies of dependencies) and the exact version of each dependency.

What is node modules? Why we should not include that in git?
These modules form part of the building blocks of the application. They help developers work faster and write more structured code. The installed dependencies will be there
It should not be included in git, because it may occupy more space and also the package.json is enough to be moves to git as it helps to install the node modules through npm init.

What is the dist folder?
The /dist folder contains the minimized version of the source code. The code present in the /dist folder is actually the code which is used on production web applications.

What is browserlists?
Browserslist is a tool that allows specifying which browsers should be supported in your frontend app by specifying "queries" in a config file.

Read about: ^ - caret and ~ - tilda?
Tilde (~) notation: It is used to match the most recent patch version. Tilde ~ notation freezes the major version and minor version. As we know patch updates are bug fixes that’s why we can say ~ notation allows us to automatically accept bug fixes.





















